well howdy there you internet people is
beau again um
i just watched president of the united
states mock
sexual assault survivors on television
should have been shocking but it wasn't
uh i actually turned to my wife and said
that wasn't as bad as i thought it was
gonna be
he set the bar that low he has set the
bar that low
uh i know somebody's gonna say no he
wasn't mocking sexual assault survivors
he was just mocking one
no no don't watch the clip on fox news
go ahead watch the whole thing and
you'll see that he goes on to talk about
how your son may lose his job at ibm
because some woman he never met makes up
a claim about him
there's a concerted effort in this
country
to silence any woman willing to come
forth with a sexual assault claim and
it's being led by the president of the
united states
i can't imagine why mister grab them by
the
birds of a feather type of thing i guess
you know when that quote came up
everybody pointed to one word and used
that to exonerate him
let they let you do it
let
so if woman's almost passed out drunk
it's okay she lets you do it
let what would it take
to not let somebody like him
do that i mean it's already done what do
you got to do
pepper spray him hit him in the throat
what is it
how do you not let that happen
see gentlemen if if you're going to grab
a woman like that
you better be certain she wants you to
do it
let anyway
i get it guys i get it
after eight years of obama you wanted a
man's man
it's not really what you got though is
it not even close
you got some entitled spoiled temper
tantrum throwing
trust fund baby billionaire who can't
take responsibility for his own actions
that's what you got honor
integrity are those words that come to
mind when you think of president trump
you know i didn't like obama's policies
i didn't not at all
um but you know if somebody came to me
today and was like bo you got to take
president obama to church
i wouldn't be worried i wouldn't be
worried that he was going to
say something embarrassing make fun of a
handicapped person
grope the preacher's wife wouldn't even
cross my mind
i can't say the same thing about
president trump
so after he cast doubt
on any woman willing to come forth with
a claim
he goes on to talk about the presumption
of innocence
innocent until proven guilty and all
that
the man who led the charge
and took out a full-page ad demanding
the execution
of people who later turned out to be
innocent
in dna evidence proved it
that was in an actual court of law not a
job interview
and that's what this is guys it is a job
interview
you take all the information available
and you take the best candidate
somebody doesn't get appointed to the
highest court in the land simply because
they are not
a sexual assault perpetrator
and then from there he goes on to talk
about what a wonderful guy kavanaugh is
maybe he is maybe he's a great guy
wonderful maybe he's a good father
i don't know never met the man
but see that speaks to something that's
really dangerous
it's a really dangerous thought
see when we talk about rapists sexual
assault predators
they're monsters subhuman
look in the comments section that's what
they're called
that's dangerous that is dangerous
because they're not monsters guys
they're people they're just people
i've talked about this in other videos
but it bears repeating
people said the same thing about nazis
they were monsters
they weren't they're just people
just people the scariest nazi
was not hitler or eichmann
the scariest nazi was the good german
the one that just stood there didn't say
anything
the one that didn't speak up the one
that was in the stands cheering
a little bit maybe to blend in so
blinded
by party politics and nationalism they
couldn't see evil on evil's face
that's the one that really let it happen
that's the scariest nazi
the scariest nazi wasn't a monster
he was your neighbor the scariest rapist
or rape apologist
well they're your neighbor too
y'all have a good night